Victor (#6)
AllisonOge/electromagnetism-and-antenna-theory-v2-1: TeX_files/chapter07.tex

\begin{equation}

> (u - 1)^2 + (v - \frac{1}{x})^2 = \frac{1}{x^2}

Reviewer: @Victor-Aken please treat

\begin{align*}
u^2+v^2-2u\left(\frac{2}{x}\right)v+1=0
\end{align*}\\
Center = $(1,\frac{1}{x})$ and radius = $\frac{1}{x}$. \\
The centre of this circle lies on a vertical plane passing through the real axis at u=1 and the radius varies from $-\infty$ to $+\infty$.\\\\
From the plot above, it can be deduced that the centre always lie on a line u = 1 and v = 0. As x increases, the centre comes down along u = 1 line and the radius decreases.  

> From the two plots above it is seen that both circle of constant resistance and reactance pass through co-ordinate (u,v) = (1,0). This signifies a uniqueness of the points.  When these two circles are superimposed, we have figure 7.6 as shown below;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the two plots above it is seen that both circles of constant resistance and reactance pass through co-ordinate (u,v) = (1,0). This signifies the uniqueness of the points.  When these two circles are superimposed, we have figure it as shown in figure~\ref{fig:uytrdbn}.
```

\label{fig:sddfghj}
\end{figure}

> This figure above is a superposition of constant resistance and reactance circles so, we can now identify impedance point on the gamma plane.  The outermost circle of radius= 1 is called the Limit Circle for gamma plane for which $ \Gamma\ \leq 1$.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This figure above is a superposition of constant resistance and reactance circles so, we can now identify the impedance point on the gamma plane.  The outermost circle of radius, $r= 1$, is called the limit circle for the gamma plane for which $\Gamma\ \leq 1$.\\
```

\section{Characteristics of the set of Circle}
\begin{enumerate}[(i)]
\item All constant resistance circles have their centre lying on the positive axis and complex gamma plane.
\item All the circles passes through the point u=1, v = 0
\item As the value of r increases, the centre shift towards the right from the origin to point u = 1 and the radius decreases.
\item The constant reactance circle has a vertical line passing through u=1 and the upper half represents the positive reactance and the lower half negative reactance.
\item As the reactance value increases, the centre of the circle approaches the u-axis, the radius of the circle decreases and the size of the circle reduces.
\item When x = $\infty$, the size of the circle = 0  and this  becomes just a point at (u,v) = (1,0).
\end{enumerate}

The superposition of the two circles is now a coordinate system for impedance on the complex gamma plane. This is called the \textbf{Smith Chart}.  This will be elaborated on in  the next section.

> \section{\textbf{The Smith Chart}}

Reviewer: `\section` macro already makes text bold so it is bad syntax
```suggestion
\section{The Smith Chart}
```

\label{fig:smithchart-2}
\end{figure}

> \footnote{\includegraphics[scale=0.09]{./graphics/a21}PHILIP HAGAR SMITH (April 29, 1905 - August 29, 1987) was an electrical engineer who became famous for his invention of the SMITH CHART. He graduated from Tufts College in 1928 with a BS degree in electrical engineering while working for Bell Telephone Laboratories. He invented his eponymous smith chart during the period of being faced with the challenge of how to show and evaluate multiple complex impedance parameters which can range from zero to infinity. When asked why he invented the chart, Smith explained \textquotesingle\textquotesingle From the time I could operate a slide rule, I've been interested in graphical representations of mathematical relationship\textquotesingle\textquotesingle. This interest in representing mathematical relationships in graphical form is what led to the invention of the smith chart.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\footnote{\includegraphics[scale=0.09]{./graphics/a21}PHILIP HAGAR SMITH (April 29, 1905 - August 29, 1987) was an electrical engineer who became famous for his invention of the SMITH CHART. He graduated from Tufts College in 1928 with a BS degree in electrical engineering while working for Bell Telephone Laboratories. He invented his eponymous smith chart during the period of being faced with the challenge of how to show and evaluate multiple complex impedance parameters which can range from zero to infinity. When asked why he invented the chart, Smith explained \textquotedblleft From the time I could operate a slide rule, I've been interested in graphical representations of mathematical relationship\textquotedblright. This interest in representing mathematical relationships in graphical form is what led to the invention of the smith chart.}
```
